Update README.md mention STM (#666)
solid/specification: README.md

Feel free to join the [Solid specification chat](https://matrix.to/#/#solid_specification:gitter.im).

> Meetings are held on Wednesdays at 14:00 UTC via [this link](https://meet.jit.si/solid-cg). The meetings are transcribed and [published](https://github.com/solid/specification/tree/main/meetings/). You can also find the event as well as information on Special Topic Meetings in the [W3C calendar](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/0caa6ba5-5523-4e16-b514-aeec098e4d72).

Reviewer: Rarely, if ever, transcriptions. Sometimes, detailed minutes. Most often, inconsistent contemporaneous notes.
```suggestion
Meetings are held on Wednesdays at 14:00 UTC via [this link](https://meet.jit.si/solid-cg). The meeting notes (sometimes rough summaries, sometimes detailed minutes, sometimes transcription) are [published](https://github.com/solid/specification/tree/main/meetings/). You can also find the event as well as information on Special Topic Meetings in the [W3C calendar](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/0caa6ba5-5523-4e16-b514-aeec098e4d72).
```
